Enforce first-person pronouns style rule (#1788)
ngrok/ngrok-docs: integrations/endpoint-sso/auth0-sso-oidc.mdx

**Note**

> 

Author: ```suggestion
```

> This step assumes you have an app running locally (that is, on localhost:3000) with the ngrok client installed.

Author: ```suggestion
This step assumes you have an app running locally (for example, at `localhost:3000`) with the ngrok client installed.
```
